what does that everybody this is blake
with the game examiner it has been a
long long time it says me or manage made
a video and we are finally about to get
back on track and get back into the
normal routine of everything getting
these videos out for you all and just
getting back on track like I said I want
to make this video today because I found
a website online today and are you
typing your zip code and tells you if
there is a PlayStation 4 demo or a
playstation 4 kiosk in your area within
a certain mile radius so I went on there
typed in my zip code and actually there
was one probably about I don't know
about 10 minutes away from me so I got
already today I got my kids dressed me
my wife got ready got my camera already
we got up there just to see that the
damn the screen when I got out to the
PlayStation 4 i picked up the controller
before i looked at the screen and then I
look at the damn screen and it says no
signal well we call a best buy tech over
there and he says yeah yeah it's not
working and we can't mess with it we
have to have a certain somebody come in
like like it's an untouchable product or
something I don't know but anyway so we
didn't get to play the playstation 4
very very disappointed I was waiting all
day and once everybody got ready we
finally got up and went up there and
then that so but anyway they had a
PSP two right next to the to the ps4
display and on it they had tear away and
I've been waiting for tear away for a
long time and I didn't even know that
they were having the demo out so I got I
got to play around with that a little
bit that was really really neat my wife
played around a little bit it was really
fun it looks really really nice I can't
I don't know how good it's going to come
up on camera because we were just trying
to rush around and I was kind of mad
when to get out of there because the
place names before wasn't working but I
got to play with terror way it looks
really nice the the paper animations
really really clean it just everything
the way the way walks that your
messenger walks around and everything
is really really nice so I had a lot of
fun with that demo let me think another
thing the PlayStation 4 controller I got
some time with that I really really like
that the triggers I just really really
improved that the the just the overall
feel of the controllers really improved
and I think it's going to be really nice
for for gaming shooters everything all
genre donors the gaming is going to be
really really nice feel it's just got
it's just kind of natural I don't really
not explain it's just a really good feel
to the controller it fits perfect in
your hands and it's kind of spread apart
more than more than the DualShock there
he is so you don't have to cram all your
fingers in there so like when you when
you put both hands on the controller I
just fits really nice and in that aspect
so I got to see the play section for
that was a plus i actually got to see it
up up close it looks really really nice
they had it set on kind of the slant and
it looked really neat with the way the
PlayStation 4 is already slanting so
that was really really nice really
disappointed again that I did not get to
play it still kind of mad but other than
that you know what do we got we got five
days left we got five days till the
midnight release six days till the 15th
whatever so we really really do not have
that long the wait and I was talking to
Matt tell him about how I didn't get to
how I didn't get to do the gameplay I
was so damn excited when it before I got
up there and when I got up there but um
like you said I'd just build more
suspense for when I when I get the damn
thing on a 14 or the 15th at midnight
please let us know what game what a
next-gen game you are getting leave us a
comment down below let us know what ps4
game you're getting or if you're going
to be waiting to get ticket the xbox one
let us know what launch games you're
getting with the ps4 or the xbox one me
I'm probably getting Assassin's Creed 3
or assassins creed 4 black flag I'm
sorry about that and I'm really looking
forward to Reza gun we get that free
with playstation plus matt is getting
assassins creed 4 and NBA live I know
for sure I think that comes out on the
19th four days after the playstation 4
gets released so he's really looking
forward to that I'm not really into
sports
the owner sports game I'm really into is
baseball MLB and 2k but yeah like I said
leave us a comment down below what
launched game you're getting and what
actually not not even with launch game
what games are you looking forward to
for the ps4 and the xbox one it's been a
long time since we've been with you you
guys and we hope to be getting these
videos out a really really on a regular
basis like like we had so stick around
we should have a lot more videos coming
out real soon but until then this is
blake with a game examiner and they tell
your next visit stay gaming